Add devcontainer configuration (#366)
githubtraining/training-manual: README.md

## GitBook dependency

<!-- textlint-disable terminology -->

1. Download and install [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/download).

1. Run Calibre once to set up the application.

1. Make sure that the [Calibre command line interface](https://manual.calibre-ebook.com/generated/en/cli-index.html) is available on your path.  This is located at `/Applications/calibre.app/Contents/MacOS/` on macOS if you are running the application from the default location.

<!-- textlint-enable terminology -->

## Teaching scripts

> Scripts that accompany the manual, and their documentation can be found in the [`script/`](script/) directory. This repository includes development container configuration. So you can run the scripts on the Visual Studio developer container or GitHub Codespaces if you have permission to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts that accompany the manual, and their documentation can be found in the [`script/`](script/) directory. This repository includes development container configuration. So you can run the scripts on the Visual Studio developer container or [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces).
```
